OSDOCS-13051: Porting the ALBO book from OCP to ROSA and ROSA classic (#90822)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/albo-installation.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="aws-load-balancer-operator-installation_{context}"]
= Installing the AWS Load Balancer Operator

After setting up your environment with your cluster, you can install the AWS Load Balancer Operator using the CLI.

.Procedure
. Create an AWS IAM policy for the AWS Load Balancer Controller:
+
[NOTE]
====

> The policy is sourced from link:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller/v2.4.4/docs/install/iam_policy.json[the upstream AWS Load Balancer Controller policy] plus permission to create tags on subnets. This is required by the Operator to function.

Reviewer: The "plus" is unclear here - do we mean that we have used the policy from kubernetes-sigs as a base, and the only addition made is the permission to create tags on subnets?

Author: I didn't write this, but since the linked policy has:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9c6eb7d6-3635-4db8-9539-b975a2dee8d3)

I revised it to:

```suggestion
You can find the AWS IAM policy from link:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller/v2.4.4/docs/install/iam_policy.json[the upstream AWS Load Balancer Controller policy]. This policy includes all of the permissions you needed by the Operator to function.
```

====
+
[source,terminal]
----

>  $ oc new-project aws-load-balancer-operator

Reviewer: Might be best to separate the act of making a project from the act of creating a policy?

Likewise, probably best to clarify what the steps are here versus following MOBB shorthand, just in case one of these ceases to work in future.

Author: Broke that up with 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e26628aa-04cf-4d26-945b-1cd51cf441ec)
